README.md, before:

# React Timeline 9000
A performance focused timeline component in react
## Build Status
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/BHP-DevHub/react-timeline-9000.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/BHP-DevHub/react-timeline-9000)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/bhp-devhub/react-timeline-9000/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/bhp-devhub/react-timeline-9000)
[![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-timeline-9000.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-timeline-9000)

## Demo
* http://bhp-react-timeline-9k.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/

## Documentation
* http://bhp-react-timeline-9k.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/docs/


## Getting Started

| Action         | Command                               |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| Build          | `$ make`                              |
| Test           | `$ make test` or  `$ make test-watch` |
| Run dev server | `$ make run`                          |

## Contributing
Feel free to make a PR :)

# Interaction

Default interaction for multiple selection is largely governed by the leading item, which is defined as the item that is directly interacted with when multiple items are selected.

## Dragging

All items will move by the same horizontal delta and row changes will be calculated by the row delta of the leading item

## Resizing

All items will gain the resize delta from the leading item.

 ### Overriding the default behaviour

TBA

`onInteraction(type, changes, leadTimeDelta, leaderGroupDelta,selectedItems)` 

# Props Summary

See http://bhp-react-timeline-9k.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/docs for detailed docs

## Settings
| Name             | 
| ---------------- | 
| groupOffset      |
| startDate        |
| endDate          |
| snapMinutes      |
| showCursorTime   |
| cursorTimeFormat |
| itemHeight       |
| timelineMode     |
| timebarFormat    |
| itemRenderer     |
| groupRenderer    |

## Data
| Name |
| ---------------- |
| items
| groups
| selectedItems

## Callbacks
| Name | 
| ---------------- | 
| onItemClick
| onItemDoubleClick
| onItemContext
| onInteraction
| onRowClick
| onRowContext
| onRowDoubleClick
| onItemHover
| onItemLeave

# Styling
* View `src/style.css` for styling examples.
* For the default styles, import `react-timeline-9000/style.css`

### Default Z-indexes
| Item                                  | Index |
| ------------------------------------- | ----- |
| Vertical markers                      | 1     |
| Timeline items                        | 2     |
| Timeline items when dragging/resizing | 3     |
| Selection box (for multi-select)      | 4     |
| Group column                          | 5     |

Commit message:

Fixes #104 Remove style.css dependancy

README.md, after:

# React Timeline 9000
A performance focused timeline component in react
## Build Status
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/BHP-DevHub/react-timeline-9000.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/BHP-DevHub/react-timeline-9000)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/bhp-devhub/react-timeline-9000/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/bhp-devhub/react-timeline-9000)
[![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-timeline-9000.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-timeline-9000)

## Demo
* http://bhp-react-timeline-9k.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/

## Documentation
* http://bhp-react-timeline-9k.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/docs/


## Getting Started

| Action         | Command                               |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| Build          | `$ make`                              |
| Test           | `$ make test` or  `$ make test-watch` |
| Run dev server | `$ make run`                          |

* Add `import react-timeline-9000/style.css` (or use your own styles based on this file)

## Contributing
Feel free to make a PR :)

# Interaction

Default interaction for multiple selection is largely governed by the leading item, which is defined as the item that is directly interacted with when multiple items are selected.

## Dragging

All items will move by the same horizontal delta and row changes will be calculated by the row delta of the leading item

## Resizing

All items will gain the resize delta from the leading item.

 ### Overriding the default behaviour

TBA

`onInteraction(type, changes, leadTimeDelta, leaderGroupDelta,selectedItems)` 

# Props Summary

See http://bhp-react-timeline-9k.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/docs for detailed docs

## Settings
| Name             | 
| ---------------- | 
| groupOffset      |
| startDate        |
| endDate          |
| snapMinutes      |
| showCursorTime   |
| cursorTimeFormat |
| itemHeight       |
| timelineMode     |
| timebarFormat    |
| itemRenderer     |
| groupRenderer    |

## Data
| Name |
| ---------------- |
| items
| groups
| selectedItems

## Callbacks
| Name | 
| ---------------- | 
| onItemClick
| onItemDoubleClick
| onItemContext
| onInteraction
| onRowClick
| onRowContext
| onRowDoubleClick
| onItemHover
| onItemLeave

# Styling
* View `src/style.css` for styling examples.
* For the default styles, import `react-timeline-9000/style.css`

### Default Z-indexes
| Item                                  | Index |
| ------------------------------------- | ----- |
| Vertical markers                      | 1     |
| Timeline items                        | 2     |
| Timeline items when dragging/resizing | 3     |
| Selection box (for multi-select)      | 4     |
| Group column                          | 5     |
